Server setup: correct statement after Hub (#472)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation/pages/server-setup.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not register a {productname} Server to itself.

> The {productname} Server must be managed individually or via another separate {productname} Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {productname} Server must be managed individually or by using another separate {productname} Server.
For more information about using multiple servers, see xref:large-deployments:multi-server.adoc[].
```

Reviewer: Also: this statement exists in multiple locations, we'll need to update them globally.

Author: > Also: this statement exists in multiple locations

Fixed
